docs: getting started (#56)
near/chain-hosted-ui: README.md

documentation). Alternatively, this may be configured manually by creating a JSON file at the path
`~/.near-credentials/mainnet/DEPLOYER_ACCOUNT.near.json` (replace `mainnet` with `testnet` for testnet) with the
following content:
```json
{
  "account_id":"DEPLOYER_ACCOUNT.near",
  "public_key":"ed25519:44_CHARACTERS_BASE_58",
  "private_key":"ed25519:88_CHARACTERS_BASE_58"
}
```

Also note that in order to do a roll forward deployment, both sets of application files must exist simultaneously to
avoid downtime. Consequently, storage must be paid ahead of each deployment to account for the new files, regardless
of whether the application is already deployed. Once the deployment is live, the files from the previous deployment
are deleted and storage is refunded as part of the deployment script.

### New Projects

New projects may use the `react` or `vue` packages; demo packages preconfigured to produce and deploy applications
using the specified view library. The process is largely the same regardless of the template chosen:

1. Run `pnpm i && pnpm build` at the monorepo project root. 

> 2. Configure the `nearDeployConfig` field in `package.json`:

Reviewer: add step in between 1&2 to cd into `packages/react` or `packages/vue`

   1. `application` is developer-defined and will be used as part of the URL (names should match `[a-z_-]+`)

>    2. `deployerAccount` is the account paying for bundle storage and calling smart contract methods (must match `DEPLOYER_ACCOUNT.near` referenced above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. `deployerAccount` is your account that pays for bundle storage and calls smart contract methods. This corresponds to the keystore created above (must match `DEPLOYER_ACCOUNT.near`)
```

>    3. `filestoreContract` is the hosted storage contract (`pfs1.testnet` on testnet and `v1.chainui.near` on mainnet, or deployed and configured separately)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. `filestoreContract` is the chain-hosted-ui contract (`pfs1.testnet` on testnet and `v1.chainui.near` on mainnet, or deployed and configured separately)
```

3. Add components, content, and/or NPM dependencies to the application.

> 4. Run `pnpm run deploy` to build the project bundle and deploy the application on chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `pnpm run deploy` to build the project bundle and deploy the application on chain. You will be presented with the estimated cost to approve before executing the deploy
```

> 5. Load the application at `http://ec2-54-185-81-147.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com/FILE_CONTRACT.near/DEPLOYER_ACCOUNT.near/APPLICATION-NAME` (with `FILE_CONTRACT` being `pfs1.testnet` or `v1.chainui.near`)

Author: This requires a forthcoming `cdn` update 😅
